If I said you had a good body would you hold it against me?

Hey are you bi? because I wanna bi with you.

Are you a magician? Because you just cast a spell on me.

You’re my favorite YouTuber. I wanna smash your like button and subscribe for the rest of my life. 

Did you hurt yourself when you fell from Heaven?

Are you a cat? Because you look purrrfect!

Are you tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day.

Hold out hand: “Hey I’m going for a walk. Will you hold this for me?”

I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.”

Are you a cake, “Because I want a piece of that.”

Are you a bank loan? Well, you’ve certainly got my interest. 

If you were a triangle, you’d be acute one!

Your hand looks heavy, let me hold it for you.

I think you are suffering from a lack of Vitamin Me.

On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9 and I’m the 1 you lack.

Do you like Harry Potter? Because I adumbledore you.

Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!

Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?

I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.

Your phone has GPS, right? Because I’m totally going to get lost in those *insert color* eyes.

Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?

Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?

Your body is 65% water and I’m thirsty.

Excuse me, do you have a band-aid? Cause I scraped my knee falling for you.

Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? girlfriend material?

They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.

You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?

Are you an alien? Because you just abducted my heart.

Did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?

For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.

Can I borrow your phone? I need to call God and tell him I’ve found his missing angel.

Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

What’s a smart, attractive man like myself doing without your phone number?

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?

I would say God bless you, but it looks like he already did.

Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.

Is your name Google? Because you got everything I am searching for.

Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.

Did I tell you I’m writing a book? It’s a phone book and it’s missing your number.

Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?

Life without you would be like a broken pencil… pointless.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!

I must be in a museum because you truly are a work of art.

I’m not stalking you, I’m doing research!

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put you and I together.

I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past again?

You’re so sweet you must be made out of chocolate.

I’m not good at holding conversations can I hold your hand instead

Are you wifi? Cause I’m totally feeling a connection.

If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d have five cents.

I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.

Know what’s on the menu? Me-N-U.

Your middle name must be Gillette. Because you’re the best a man can get!

You look so familiar. Didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.

You and I are like nachos with jalapeños. I’m super cheesy, you’re super hot, and we belong together.

Do you like Star Wars? Cause Yoda only one for me.

Go ahead, feel my shirt. It’s made of boyfriend material!

If you were a Transformer you’d be Optimus Fine!

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk past you again?

I’m learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you!

Did you invent the airplane? Because you seem just Wright for me!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart… because mine was just stolen.

Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me!

I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away!

If I had four quarters to give to the four prettiest women in the world, you would have a dollar!

Let me guess, your middle name is Gillette, right? Because you’re the best a man can get!

Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean, and I don’t mind being lost at sea.

If you were a burger at McDonald’s, you’d be the McGorgeous.

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?

Are you a loan? ‘Cause you’ve got my interest!

I’m in the mood for pizza. A pizza you, that is!

Are you a 45-degree angle? Because you’re a cutie!

You’re so sweet, you could put Hershey’s out of business!

I’m good at algebra; I can replace your X and you wouldn’t need to figure out Y.

I’m really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.

If I had to rate you from 1 to 10, I’d give you a 9, because I’m the 1 you’re missing.

You must be jelly, cause jam don’t shake like that.

You must be a bank loan, cause you’ve got my interest.

I’ve got 1ply, I’ve got 2ply, but all I really want is your reply.

If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?

If you were a phaser on Star Trek, you’d be set to stun!

Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.

Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.

There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can’t take them off you.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only Ten I See.

You must be a campfire. Because you’re super hot and I want s’more.

My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful person here. How should we spend their money?

Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?

Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve only met you in my dreams.

You must be made of cheese. Because you’re looking Gouda tonight!

I’m glad I remembered to bring my library card. ‘Cause I am totally checking you out!

If you were a vegetable, you would be a cutecumber!

I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Cause you are CuTe.

Are you an object with mass? Cuz i feel an attractive force around you.

Girl are those space pants? Because your butt is out of this world!

I think you’re suffering from a lack of vitamin me.

Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

Can I borrow a kiss? I swear I’ll give it back!

If you were a vegetable you’d be a cute cumber.

Is summer over? Because I’m about to “fall” for you!

There’s a massive clothes sale in my bedroom everything is 100% off

I lost my number…can I have yours?

Are you a baker? ‘Cause those buns look TASTY.

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

Is your name google? Because you’re everything I’ve been searching for.

Are you an onion cos I want to remove your layers.

Even if there wasn’t gravity on earth, I’d still fall for you.

I’m glad I brought my library card because I’m checking you out.

You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Girlfriend material?

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

Are those mirrors in your pants? Because I can see myself in them!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine was just stolen.

Are those space pants? Because your butt looks out of this world.

Is your name Chapstick? Because you’re da balm.

Do you have a map? Because I’m getting lost in your eyes.

Do you have a bandaid? Cause I hurt my knee falling for you!

Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.

Like a broken pencil, life without you is pointless.

We are not socks. But I think we would make a great pair.

This may be cheesy, but I think you’re grate.

Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven.

I wish I could select all of your clothes and press delete.

If you were a booger I’d pick you first 

Did you sit in sugar? Because you have a sweet ass.

Were you born a mermaid, because you were a mermaid for me.

Your hand looks heavy; can I hold it for you?

Is your name honey? Cuz I’d love to drizzle you on my bland day.

Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.

I’m finding it really hard to breathe. U just keep on taking my breath away.

Have you got the time I’ve got the time if you’ve got the place!

Are you glitter because you add sparkle to my life?

Are you sitting on the F5 key? ‘Cause your ass is refreshing!

Let’s commit the perfect crime I’ll steal your heart, you steal mine.

Do you wanna grab a coffee because I like you a latte?

Hello! I guess you are looking for Mr. Right. Well, that’s me!

My mom said she found a beautiful and intelligent girl for me. Is that you?

How does it feel to be so gorgeous?

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?

If you were a transformer, you’d be Optimus Fine.

Do you know what’s on today’s menu? It’s Me ‘n’ U.

Are you a doctor? Because my heart beats faster when I see you.

Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koalafications.

Are you Space Shuttle Challenger? Cause I want to explode inside of you.

Not even Fahrenheit, Celsius, or Kelvin can measure how hot you are!

Let me tie your shoes, cause I don’t want you falling for anyone else.

Are you an omelette? Because you’re making me eggcited!

Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet butt.

Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.

Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.

Are you a florist? Cause ever since I met you, my life has been Rosey.

I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.

If God made anything more beautiful than you, I’m sure he’d keep it for himself.

Do you have a map? I’m getting lost in your eyes.

I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?

Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?

I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.

Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?

Do you live in a corn field, cause I’m stalking you.

Sorry, but you owe me a drink. Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!

I’m not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.

Do you have a BandAid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.

Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.

Are you mexican? Because you’re my juan and only!

Do you drink Pepsi? Because you’re sodalicious!

Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

I’m no organ donor but I’d be happy to give you my heart.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you’re da balm!

I’m not staring at your boobs. I’m staring at your heart.

Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?

I’ll give up my morning cereal to spoon you instead.

Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person?

I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by YOU.

I was blinded by your beauty… I’m going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?

There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!

Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?

Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you’re lacking some Vitamin Me.

Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.

You look so familiar… didn’t we take a class together? I could’ve sworn we had chemistry.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.

If you were a flower you’d be a damnnndelion

If you were ground coffee, you’d be Espresso cause you’re so fine.

If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I’d have a galaxy in my hand.

Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged!

I was wondering if you had an extra heart? Mine seems to have been stolen

Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.

I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?

Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s’more.

If you were a tropical fruit, you’d be a Fineapple!

Are you a banana? Because I find you apeeling

If we fight, I think you would be the one giving the final blow

I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!

So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?

I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.

Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.

Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.

When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.

If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cutecumber.’

Do you happen to have a BandAid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.

I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.

I didn’t know what I wanted in a woman until I saw you.

I was wondering if you could tell me: If you’re here, who’s running Heaven?

No wonder the sky is gray (or dark, if at night) all the color is in your eyes.

You’ve got everything I’ve been searching for, and believe me I’ve been looking a long time.

You’re like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.

You’ve got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.

I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.

It says in the Bible to only think about what’s pure and lovely… So I’ve been thinking about you all day long.

Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.

I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.

You know what you would look really beautiful in? My arms.

I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.

Are you a magician? It’s the strangest thing, but every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.

I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?

Hi, I just wanted to thank you for the gift. I’ve been wearing this smile ever since you gave it to me.

Are you an electrician? Because you’re definitely lighting up my night!

I’ve heard it said that kissing is the ‘language of love.’ Would you care to have a conversation with me about it sometime?

I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,’ but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.’

I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?

Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.

If you were a song, you’d be the best track on the album.

On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you tonight?

You know, I always thought that Disneyland was the ‘happiest place on Earth,’ but that was before I got a chance to stand here next to you.

Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.

If you were a taser, you’d be set to ‘stun.’

If you were a Transformer, you’d be ‘Optimus Fine.’

Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’m searching for.

Do you ever get tired from running through my thoughts all night?

You know, they say that love is when you don’t want to sleep because reality is better than your dreams. And after seeing you, I don’t think I ever want to sleep again.

Your hand looks heavy can I hold it for you?

Are you a time traveler? Because I absolutely see you in my future.

Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.

I thought this was a bar, but I must be in a museum because you’re a piece of art.

You know, your smile has been lighting up the room all night and I just had to come and say hello.

Hi, I’m yourname. Do you remember me? Oh, that’s right we’ve only met in my dreams.

What does it feel like to be the most gorgeous girl in the room?

I can’t tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.

I just had to tell you, your beauty made me truly appreciate being able to see.

If you were a fruit, you’d be a ‘fineapple.’

I don’t know your name, but I’m sure it’s as beautiful as you are. I’m yourname.

You are astoundingly gorgeous, but I can tell that’s the least interesting thing about you. I’d love to know more.

The sparkle in your eyes is so bright, the sun must be jealous.

One night I looked up at the stars and thought, ‘Wow, how beautiful.’ But now that I’m looking at you, nothing else can compare.

If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d still only have five cents.

If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.

I think the only way you could possibly be more beautiful is if I got to know you.

I don’t know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.

I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.

In my opinion, there are three kinds of beautiful: Cute, pretty, and sexy. Somehow, you manage to be all three.

I’m not usually religious, but when I saw you, I knew you were the answer to my prayers.

Hey, I’m going for a walk. Would you mind holding this for me?

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try walking by again?

I’m really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.

I’m not a photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.

Would you mind giving me a pinch? You’re so cute, I must be dreaming.

Wow, when God made you, he was seriously showing off.

Excuse me, do you have the time? I just want to remember the exact minute I got a crush on you.

Kiss me if I’m wrong but, dinosaurs still exist, right?

If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine of my lives with you.

You know, I had a pickup line ready to go, but you’re so hot it just left my mind.

When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?

I saw you walking by and I had to come say hello. I love your style. My name’s yourname.

I’m not currently an organ donor, but I’d be happy to give you my heart.

I was going to say something really sweet about you, but when I saw you, I became speechless.

You know, I believe that honesty is the best policy, so to be perfectly honest, you’re the sexiest man I’ve ever seen.

I’d say, ‘God bless you,’ but it looks like he already did.

You must be a hell of a thief, because you managed to steal my heart from across the room.

There must be something wrong with my eyes—I can’t seem to take them off of you.

If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I’ll give it right back.

My friends bet me I couldn’t talk to the prettiest girl in the bar. Want to use their money to buy some drinks?

Trust me, I’m not drunk; I’m just intoxicated by you.

I seem to have lost my number can I have yours?

I was just trying to buy a drink here, but you’re very distracting.

I started reading an interesting book last week, and I’d love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?

You see my friend over there? She wants to know if you think I’m cute.

I was going to call you beautiful, but then I realized I don’t have your number yet.

Are you good at math? Me neither But the only number I care about is yours.

I’m surprised the bar hasn’t asked you to leave yet. You’re so beautiful you’re making all the other girls look bad.

Excuse me, I don’t mean to intrude, but you owe me a drink because when I saw you, I dropped mine.

Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.

It’s never easy meeting a complete stranger especially one as beautiful as you without being properly introduced. But can we try anyway?

I wish I’d paid more attention to science in high school, because you and I’ve got chemistry and I want to know all about it.

Hi, my name is yourname, but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.

Do I know you? Oh, sorry, it’s just that you look just like my next girlfriend.

If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

Hey, do you mind if we take a picture together? I just want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like.

You look like you know how to have a good time. Been on any adventures lately?

You know, I’m actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?

Do you have a name, or can I just call you ‘mine?’

I’m not sure what it is yet, but something about you seems really interesting.

Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you.

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.

Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.

I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.

I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?

Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I’d put you and I together.

Well, here I am. What are your other two wishes?

It’s a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.

They say Disney World is the happiest place on Earth, but clearly they've never stood next to you.

Wanna touch my shirt? It's made of girlfriend material.

Creative pickup lines that are a lil cheesy but will make your match LOL:

Are you Siri? Because you autocomplete me.

If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair.

Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.

You remind me of a magnet because you sure are attracting me over here.

Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie.

Are you a loan? Because you've got my interest.

Is your dad a boxer? Because you’re a knockout!

If you were a vegetable, you’d be a cutecumber.

Are you an artist? Because you’re really good at drawing me in.

I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?

If you were a fruit, you’d be a fineapple.

If you were a flower, you'd be a daaaaaamndelion.

Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?

Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

Do you have a name? Or can I call you mine?

I hope you know CPR because you are taking my breath away.

Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future.

If you were words on a page you'd be the fine print.

You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.

Your hand looks heavy. Can I hold it for you?

Your lips look lonely. Would they like to meet mine?

I’m not currently an organ donor, but I’d love to give you my heart.

You can delete the app now, I’m here.

I'd take you to the movies, but they don't let you bring in your own snacks.

Hey, how was heaven when you left it?

I have a phone number, you have a phone number—think of the possibilities.

I bet you dinner that you won’t give me your number.

How can I plan our wedding without having your number?

What number should I send my good morning texts to?

I’m writing a phone book, can I get your number?

Can I borrow your phone? I need to call God and tell him I’ve found his missing angel.

My phone’s broken, it doesn’t have your number in it.

I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.

I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you call it and see if it works?

When I text you goodnight later, what phone number should I use?

I bet my number sounds nicer than yours. Wanna hear it?

I think your number will be safer in my phone than in your head.

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

I thought this was a dating app, but it must be a museum because you are a work of art.

My mom told me not to talk to strangers online, but I’ll make an exception for you.

What do you call a string of people lifting a mozzarella cheese? A cheesy pickup line.

I think I saw you on Spotify, you were listed as the hottest single.

You are so fine, you made me forget my pickup line.

Did we go to school together? I swear we had chemistry.

Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?

I think you might be lacking some Vitamin Me.

Are you a keyboard? Because you might just be my type.

We are not socks but I think we’d make a great pair.

If being beautiful was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.

Can I show your profile to my friends to prove that angels really do exist?

Just wondering...if you're here, who's running heaven?

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me!

Is your name Google? Because you’re everything I’ve been searching for.

Want a raisin? No? Well, how about a date?

I always thought happiness started with an “H” but it looks like it starts with you

Now that I’ve seen you, life without you is like a broken pencil pointless.

Guess what I’m wearing? The smile you gave me.

I think we’ve met before. Actually, never mind I think it was just in my dreams.

Do you play soccer? You look like a keeper.

What’s your favorite drink? I’m asking so I know what to buy you when we go on our first date.

Did you do something to my eyes? Because I can’t keep them off you.

Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?

I'm pretty good at algebra...I can replace your X and you wouldn't need to figure out Y.

Have we met? You look exactly like my next partner.

Do you have a name, or can I just call you 'mine'?

I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?

You're so fine, you made me forget my pickup line.

Did we go to school together? I could swear we had chemistry.

Want a raisin? No? How about a date?

What's your favorite drink? I'm asking so I know what to buy you on our first date.

Have we met? Because you look exactly like my next girlfriend.

I never believed in love at first sight, but that's before I saw you.

Do you have a map? Because I just got lost in your eyes.

You owe me a drink. Because when I saw you, I dropped mine.

They say nothing lasts forever, so will you be my nothing?

Want to go outside for some fresh air? You took my breath away.

If you were a song, you'd be the best single on the album.

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?

I hope you know CPR, because you are taking my breath away.

It's a good thing I have my library card, because I am totally checking you out.

Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future.

Your hand looks lonely. Can I hold it for you?

I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?

Is your name Google? Because you're everything I've been searching for.

Did the sun come out, or did you just smile at me?

To quote the poet Katy Perry, "You make me feel like I'm living a teenage dream."

Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?

Did your license get suspended for driving all those guys crazy?

Are you a broom? Because you've swept me off my feet.

Do you have a Band-Aid? I scraped my knee falling for you.

I'm learning about important dates in history, wanna be one of them?

If you were a fruit, you'd be a "fineapple."

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see.

Wanna touch my shirt? It's made of girlfriend material.
Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie.

If you and I were socks, we'd make a great pair.

Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?

Aren't you tired? From running through my mind all day?

If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.

Well, here I am! What are your other two wishes?

Are you a parking ticket? You've got fine written all over you.

If you were a chicken, you'd be "im-peck-able"

Did you just come out of an oven? Because you're too hot to handle.

They say dating is a numbers game, so can I get yours?

Know what's on the menu today? Me and u.

I was feeling a little off today, but you've turned me on again.

Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout.

Are you a loan? Because you've got my interest.

Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.

Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
If you were a triangle, you'd be acute one.

I'm new in town, can I have directions to your house?

Are you a magician? Because when I look at you, everyone else disappears.

Wow, I've been blinded by your beauty. I'll need your name and number for insurance purposes.

If I were a cat, I'd spend all nine of my lives with you.

I thought this was a bar but it must actually be a museum, because you're a work of art.

What is it like to be the most gorgeous person in this room?

I don't know your name, but I'm sure it's just as beautiful as you are.

I'm not a photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.

Did you do something to my eyes? I can't seem to take them off you.

Are you an electrician? Because you're lighting up my day.

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you.

Do you have a sunburn, or are you just always this hot?

I'm not an organ donor, but I'm ready to give you my heart.

Anyone who says Disneyland is the happiest place on earth has clearly never stood next to you.

I'd say God bless you, but it looks like he already has.

Are you a charger? Because I'm dying without you.

If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I'll give it right back.

I've been told I'm good with numbers, how about you give me yours so I can prove it?

You're so sweet you're giving me a toothache.

I'm sorry, were you talking to me? Well, would you like to?

I can see that you're gorgeous, but what else should I know about you?

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?

Well I was just trying to have a drink but you're very distracting.

You've got everything I've been looking for, and trust me, I've been looking for a long time.

Can I have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas this year?

On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need.

I'd never play hide and seek with you, because someone like you is impossible to find.

Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.

I think someone must have stolen the stars and put them in your eyes.

I saw you walking by and I just had to come say hello.

You know what you'd look beautiful in? My arms.

The sparkle in your eye is so bright, the sun and stars must be jealous.

You look like you know how to have a good time! Been on any fun adventures lately?

You see my friend over there? they want to know if you think I'm cute.

I think I saw you on Spotify, as the hottest single of the year.

When God made you, he was really just showing off.

Do you have the time? I want to remember the exact minute I fell for you.

If you were words on a page, you'd be fine print.

Not to be dramatic, but I think you're the answer to my prayers.

I think there's something wrong with my phone. Your number's not in it.

You're so beautiful you made me forget my pickup line.

When I text you good morning tomorrow, what number should I text?

Did you invent the airplane? Because you're clearly Mr. Wright.

I was wondering if you're an artist, because you're so good at drawing me in.

I've always thought happiness started with an "H" but it looks like it starts with you

Hi, my name is yourname, but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.

Now that I've seen you, life without you is like a broken pencil ... pointless.

I'm not sure what it is about you, but I feel like I have to get to know you.

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yoda only one for me.

My friends bet me I couldn't chat up the hottest guy in the bar. Want to use their money to buy some more drinks?

I believe in honesty, so let me be honest: you're the most attractive man I've ever seen.

You must be a talented thief, because you managed to steal my heart from all the way over here.

I had a good pickup line ready to go, but you're so good-looking I'm literally speechless.

I'm surprised they haven't asked you to leave yet. You're making all the other men in here look bad.

Can we take a picture together? I want to show my mom what my next boyfriend looks like.

I didn't know what I wanted in a man until I saw you.

Am I dead? Because this must be heaven!
 
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? 

You have more curves than a race track. 

Do you know karate? Because your body’s really kicking. 

Excuse me. I'm from the FBI, the Fine Body Investigators, and I'm going to have to ask you to assume the position. 

I hope you know CPR because you take my breath away! 

Were you arrested earlier? It’s got to be a crime to look that good! 

Is your name Summer? Because you’re as hot as hell. 

If being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged! 
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put you and I together. 

You’re a 9.999. Well, you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me. 

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again? 

I know that milk does the body good, but how much have you been drinking? 

I'm betting that you can’t wait until tomorrow, because I bet that you get more and more beautiful every day. 

You know, the power company is looking for you because you're so electrifying. 

You know, I’m not this tall. I'm just sitting on my wallet. 

Excuse me, but I DO think it's time we met. 

Of course, there's lots of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd love to catch. 

Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back. 

How was heaven when you left it? 

You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine. 

I think I can die happy now because I’ve just seen a piece of heaven. 

You must be going to hell, because it’s a sin to look that good. 

You should be someone's wife. 

Excuse me, but do you have your phone number? I seem to have lost mine. 

You've made me so nervous that I've totally forgotten my standard pick-up line. 
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you, too. 

Is your name Gillette? ...Because you're the best a man can get. 

If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever. 

It's not my fault I fell in love. You’re the one that tripped me. 

Help, something’s wrong with my eyes I just can't take them off you. 

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you. 

Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes. 

You’ve got to be tired! You’ve been running through my mind all day! 

I think I feel like Richard Gere—I'm standing next to you, the Pretty Woman. 

Was your father an alien? Because on Planet Earth, there's nothing else like you! 

Your eyes are bluer than the Atlantic Ocean and I'm all lost at sea. 

You're like a dictionary—you add meaning to my life! 

You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy. 

I wonder what our children will look like. 

If I received a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents. 

The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name. 

If you were a tear in my eye, I wouldn't cry for fear of losing you. 

Can you give me directions to your heart? I've seemed to have lost myself in your eyes. 

If beauty was a drop of water, then you'd be the ocean. 

What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room? 

When God made you, He was showing off. 

See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute. 

You must be a thief, because you stole my heart from across the room. 

Can I borrow a quarter? I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams. 

You’re the reason men fall in love. 

You know, you might be asked to leave. You make the other women look bad. 

We voted you the “Most Beautiful Girl Here” and the grand prize is me. 

Mind if I stare at you up close instead of across the room? 

Are you interested in a hot slice of conversation? 

You’re so sweet you’re going to put sugar out of business! 
I had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile, so could you please smile for me? 

If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me? 

Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see. 

I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you! 

Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me. 

If you were a new hamburger at McDonald's, you would be McGorgeous. 

If you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT! 

The last time I saw you, I was dreaming. 

All those curves, and me with no brakes. 

You must be a broom, because you just swept me off my feet. 

You are so sweet, you put Hershey's out of business. 

Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me? 

Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue? 

Have you always been this cute, or did you have to work at it? 
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile. 

I just had to come talk to you. Sweetness is my weakness. 

I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by you. 

Is it hot in here or is it just you? 

Nice to meet you, I'm your name and you are...Gorgeous! 

Were you in the Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot. 

Were your parents Greek gods? Because it takes two gods to make a goddess. 

You look really hot! You must be the real reason for global warming. 

You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae. 

For a moment, I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I’m very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me. 

Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside? 

Hey, you were great on “Baywatch” last night! 

You're so hot you would make the devil sweat. 

Excuse me.....Hi, I’m writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you. 

If God made anything better than you, He’d keep it for himself. 

If beauty were time, you'd be eternity. 

Are you a parking ticket? Cuz you got fine written all over you. 
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world. 

I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are. 

You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family. 

Do you bleach your teeth? Because your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark. 

Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living? 

Stop, drop, and roll. You’re on fire. 

Your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon. 

There aren't enough O’s in the word "smooth" to describe how smooth you are. 

If beauty were a grain of sand, you'd be a million beaches. 

If it weren't for the sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created. 

Hey, don't frown—you'll never know who might be falling in love with your smile. 

If you were a laser gun, you'd be set on stunning. 

My buddies over there said that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Want to buy some drinks with some of their money?  

You look beautiful today, just like every other day. 

Are you an interior decorator? When I saw you, the room became beautiful. 

I've been looking at your eyes all night long, because I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them. 

Will you be my derivative? So I can lay tangent to your curves. 

If I were a stop light, I'd turn red every time you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer. 
Settle down, sugar. I'm diabetic. 

If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand. 

Do you have any sunscreen? Because you are burning me up! 

See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart. 

Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world! 

All the other girls are just rough drafts.... But I think you are the FINAL COPY!! 

If God had a refrigerator, a picture of you would be on it. 

I think that you’re attractive and simply amazing from what I've seen so far. Can I get your number and meet your personality? 

1,000 painters working for 1,000 years could not create a beauty that equals you. 

It’s a felony in this state to look that good, but if you turn around, I'll let you off with a warning. 

If you were on hotornot.com, I would give you a 10. 

There are only two beautiful girls in the world, and you are both of them. 
 
If you could put a price tag on beauty, you'd be worth more than Fort Knox. 
You're so hot, you make the North Pole look like the equator. 

You're so hot. I'd better smother you with my body before you burst into flame! 

Can you say Constantinople backwards? Me neither, but I just wanted to ask. 

Hi, I just wanted to give you the satisfaction of turning me down; go ahead and say no. 

Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW! 

Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart

I didn't know that angels could fly so low! 

Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off? 

So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams! 

Yep! Made in heaven! 

Are you religious? Because you are the answers to all my prayers. 

Say, you remind me of a pop tart. You’re cool because you're hot! 

Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married

I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight; the most heavenly body was standing right next to me. 

Because you are the wind beneath my wings. 

When I look into your eyes, it’s like a gateway into the world of which I want to be a part. 

Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number. 

Drop that zero and get with the hero. In other words...You better come with me. 

I may not be Dairy Queen, but I'll treat you right!!! 
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.

That’s the sound of the ambulance coming to pick me up because when I saw you, my heart stopped! 

Let’s make like fabric softener and snuggle. 

My love for you is like the universe...Never-ending!! 

Hi, have you got a boyfriend? Are you taking applications? 

You are everything I never knew I always wanted. 
I saw a flower this morning and I thought it was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen until I gazed upon you. 

You've got something on you head…A halo.
 
I hope your day is as radiant as your smile.

Wouldn't it be nice if we could be at this same place next year, together and laughing? 

If looks could kill, you would be a weapon of mass destruction. 

Do you drink a lot of Snapple? Because you look like you're made from the best stuff on Earth. 

Are you on “America's Most Wanted?” Because you're at the top of my list. 

We would go great together, like peanut butter and jelly. 

I just realized this, but you look a lot like my next girlfriend. 

I never believed in miracles until I saw you. 

Are you related to the sun? Because running into you just brightened up my day! 

The average person falls in love seven times before marriage. You're my lucky seven. 

If being fine was a crime, then you will just have to pay the time. 

You almost killed me! I saw you and forgot how to breathe. 

Santa must've come early this year, because you were first on my Christmas list. 

I followed a leprechaun to my pot of gold and he brought me to you. 

Is this the Matrix? Because I think you're the One. 

Oh my God, I did not just run into the most beautiful girl in the world. 
POOF! I'm here, what are your other two wishes? 

I'm yin and you’re yang, we just fit together. 

Do you carry another weapon with you besides your eyes? 

I would give up eternity to be with you. 

You know you’re good enough to give my last name to. 

I love you like pigs love mud. 

If a piece of paper meant “sexy,” then you'd be a forest! 

You plus me equals we. 

Webster would have to make another dictionary just to describe you. 

You smell that? Smells like love. 

I see you've got arms, I've got them too! We should hook up sometime! 

I can tell your future, it is you giving me your number. 

I don't normally date models, but OK, here's my number. 

I've never seen fashion models off of the runway before! 

You can call me Mr. Ski Lift because I'll sweep you off your feet. 

If I had a dollar for every chick I'd seen as hot as you...I'd have one dollar! 

You better change the lock because I'm the key to your heart. 

Should I call you in the morning or just nudge you? 

Am I dreaming? Because this is so unreal.
 
Do you have some water? Because you set my heart on fire. 
I need a place to stay, because you are so hot you burnt my house down. 

I hope there's a fireman around, because you are hot! 

I believe I’m psychic and my visions tell me that we need to be together. 

You're the sound in my voice, the rhythm in my walk, the thunder that vibrates in my heart.....Be my lightning and strike down on me! 

Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes! 

This must be the end of a rainbow. Because I've just found my pot of gold. 

Pinch me, because I must be dreaming! 
Give me three good reasons why I shouldn't buy you a drink. 

Can you do me a favor? Stay beautiful till the next time I see you. 

I wish we lived in Alaska where the nights would last forever. 

Can I have a Band-Aid? I hurt my knee when I fell for you. 

Hey, want to be pirates with me? Maybe we could hook up. 

Somebody better call Animal Control because I just spotted a fox. 

You make Paris Hilton look like a Teletubbie. 

Hey, my name's Romeo. Want to be my Juliet? 

You’re so hot you make my teeth sweat... 

You remind me of cheese...I LIKE cheese. 

There are over five billion people in the world. There is someone for everyone. Could it be that I might be the person for you? 

I would say “God bless you,” but it looks like He already did. 

There must be a monkey here. Because I’m going bananas over you. 

Do you believe in fairy tales? Because one is about to start. 

You’re like a VISA check card. You’re everywhere I want to be. 
By the way the light is hitting your eyes, I can see myself in them, and damn, I look good! 

Can I get a picture of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas? 

Can I get your picture to prove to all my friends that angels really do exist? 

It's my breath from when you took it away. 

Come live in my heart and pay no rent. 

Can you do me a favor and tell your boyfriend he's a lucky man? 

Do you eat lots of Lucky Charms? Because you look magically delicious. 

Do you like anyone else in here? Well, I guess you’re stuck with me. 

Does Levi's pay you for wearing those and looking that good? 

Does my breath smell OK ? 

Does your watch have a second hand? I want to know how long it took for me to fall in love with you. 

Don't walk into that building the sprinklers might go off! 

Don't you know me from somewhere? 

Does beauty run in your family? 

Excuse me, do you think you might possibly have a mutual friend who could introduce us? 

Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Nope, it's just a sparkle. 

Excuse me, mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams. 

God must have been in a very good mood the day we met. 

May a thorn sit down amongst the roses? 

Hello? Oh, your body was calling me from across the room. 

Help, something's wrong with my eyes—I just can't take them off you. 

Here's your chance to get to know me. 

Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day...All I'm asking for is one. 

Can I have your number? I think it'll look better in my pocket than in your head. 

Where have you been all my life? 

Hey, come here often? You could, with me. 

Hey, kitten, how about spending some of your nine lives with me?  

Hi, my name's Right...Mr. Right. 

I believe that it was Socrates who opined, "Know thyself." Well, I already know myself, how about I get to know you? 

I dropped a tear in the ocean…The day I find it is the day I'll stop loving you. 

I envy your lipstick. 

I know I'm not a grocery item, but I can tell when you're checking me out. 

I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you. 

I want you more then a Popsicle on a hot summer day. 

If I could reach out and hold a star for every time you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand. 

I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
 
I'm addicted to “yes,” and I'm allergic to “no.” So, what's it going to be? 

May I have the distinguished honor and privilege of sitting next to you? 

You are so rude! Because you're looking so fine and not telling me your name. 

Pardon me, but what pick-up line works best with you? 

Smile if you want me!

There was no color in the world until I met you. 

What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this? 

And out of nowhere comes the sunshine! 

I wish I was cross-eyed so I could see you twice. 

You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here! 

Did it hurt when you fell from heaven? 

Where have you been all my life? 

I would die for you. 

So, want to go back to my place? 

I'd like to call you. What's your number? 
Your body is like a temple.  

Your place or mine? 

Do you believe in love at first sight or do you want me to walk by again? 

I looked up beautiful in the thesaurus today and your name was included.